Improve documentation on configuring Hubble TLS (#34115)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/hubble-configuration.rst

cluster. Connections between Hubble instances and Hubble Relay are secured using
mutual TLS (mTLS) by default.

> TLS certificates can be generate automatically or provided by manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS certificates can be generated automatically or manually provided.
```

The following options are available to configure TLS certificates automatically:

* `cert-manager <https://cert-manager.io/>`__
* cilium's `certgen <https://github.com/cilium/certgen>`__ (using a Kubernetes ``CronJob``)

> * `Helm <https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/function_list/#gensignedcert>`__

Reviewer: nit: do we maybe want to put the certgen method first as it's arguably the easiest of the two to implement?

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: cert-manager

        This method relies on `cert-manager <https://cert-manager.io/>`__ to generate
        the TLS certificates. cert-manager has becomes the de facto way to manage TLS on
        Kubernetes, and it has the following advantages compared to the other

>         documented methods:

Reviewer: Should we mention that it's a bit more work to get working vs certgen as it requires installing and managing cert-manager in the first place? It's probably straightforward for users who already use cert-manager but may be slightly overwhelming for someone who is just enabling Hubble and wants TLS.

Author: I don't think it's really necessary to tell users that. I guess we can swap the order, between certgen and cert-manager and that should be sufficient. I think it's obvious enough that it has more steps than cert-gen.

          requirements.
        * Manages certificates via a
          `CRD <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/>`__
          which is easier to inspect with Kubernetes tools than PEM files.

        **Installation steps**:

        #. First, install `cert-manager <https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/>`__
           and setup an `issuer <https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/>`_.
           Please make sure that your issuer is able to create certificates under the
           ``cilium.io`` domain name.
        #. Install/upgrade Cilium including the following Helm flags:

        ::

            --set hubble.tls.auto.enabled=true               # enable automatic TLS certificate generation
            --set hubble.tls.auto.method=certmanager         # auto generate certificates using cert-manager
            --set hubble.tls.auto.certValidityDuration=1095  # certificates validity duration in days (default 3 years)
            --set hubble.tls.auto.certManagerIssuerRef.group="cert-manager.io" # Reference to cert-manager's issuer
            --set hubble.tls.auto.certManagerIssuerRef.kind="ClusterIssuer"

>             --set hubble.tls.auto.certManagerIssuerRef.name="ca-issuer"

Reviewer: nit: let's align the line comments for better readability?

    .. group-tab:: CronJob (certgen)

>         When using certgen, TLS certificates are generated at installation time
>         and a Kubernetes ``CronJob`` is scheduled to renew them (regardless of
>         their expiration date).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When using certgen, TLS certificates are generated at installation time
        and a Kubernetes ``CronJob`` is scheduled to renew them (regardless of
        their expiration date). The certgen method is easier to implement than
        cert-manager but less flexible.
```

        ::

            --set hubble.tls.auto.enabled=true               # enable automatic TLS certificate generation
            --set hubble.tls.auto.method=cronJob             # auto generate certificates using cronJob method
            --set hubble.tls.auto.certValidityDuration=1095  # certificates validity duration in days (default 3 years)
            --set hubble.tls.auto.schedule="0 0 1 */4 *"     # schedule for certificates re-generation (crontab syntax)

    .. group-tab:: Helm

        When using Helm, TLS certificates are (re-)generated every time Helm is used
        for install or upgrade. As Hubble server and Hubble Relay support TLS
        certificates hot reloading, including CA certificates, this does not disrupt
        any existing connection. New connections are automatically established using
        the new certificates without having to restart Hubble server or Hubble

>         Relay.

Reviewer: I think it's great to mention that Hubble server and relay support TLS certs hot reloading but it's probably best to call out in a more generic section as this is not specific to the Helm way only but is valid whichever method is used to renew TLS certificates.

Author: Hmm I just copied this from the existing docs. I think the reason it's mentioned is because we want to call out that using helm to rotate certificates should not cause disruption.

Author: Hmm I can see moving this to the top and rephrasing slightly
